src/content/posts/Blog components.mdx, before:

---
title: Components for Posts
description: Tlksjdfjklsafjsl
types: [javascript]
publishDate: 1695502521898
lastMod: 1695502521898
author: jes015
relatedPosts: [hola]
---

import Code from '@/components/PostComponents/Code.astro'
import Comment from '@/components/PostComponents/Comment.astro'
import { Image,ImageViewer } from '@/components/PostComponents'

<br />
<Code code='const a = holaasdlkf' title="text.tsx"  />
<br />
<ImageViewer
    images={
        ['https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1561955?v=4', 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/120581623?v=4', 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1561955?v=4', 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/120581623?v=4']
    }

    client:load
/>
<br />
<div style={{ display: 'flex' }}>
<Image
    alt='jes015 logo'
    height='15em'
    width='15em'
/>
<Image
    src='https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/120581623?v=4'
    alt='jes015 logo'
    height='15em'
    width='15em'
    client:load
/>
</div>
<br />
<Comment title='olaaaa'>
    Comment
</Comment>

Holaaaaaaaaa

Commit message:

feat: update latest Post section (#122)
close #122

src/content/posts/Blog components.mdx, after:

---
title: Components for Posts
description: All components you can use inside a post
types: [javascript]
publishDate: 1695502521898
lastMod: 1695502521898
author: jes015
relatedPosts: [hola]
---

import Code from '@/components/PostComponents/Code.astro'
import Comment from '@/components/PostComponents/Comment.astro'
import { Image,ImageViewer } from '@/components/PostComponents'

<br />
<Code code='const a = holaasdlkf' title="text.tsx"  />
<br />
<ImageViewer
    images={
        ['https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1561955?v=4', 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/120581623?v=4', 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1561955?v=4', 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/120581623?v=4']
    }

    client:load
/>
<br />
<div style={{ display: 'flex' }}>
<Image
    alt='jes015 logo'
    height='15em'
    width='15em'
/>
<Image
    src='https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/120581623?v=4'
    alt='jes015 logo'
    height='15em'
    width='15em'
    client:load
/>
</div>
<br />
<Comment title='olaaaa'>
    Comment
</Comment>

Holaaaaaaaaa
